docs: update "Create test generator" button label to "Create test" (#2211)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6-studio/components/recorder.md

   - **New recording**: Starts a new recording.
   - **Stop recording**: Stops the existing recording.
   - **Discard**: Discard the existing recording and starts a new one.

>    - **Create test**: Creates a test generator from the selected test recording.

Reviewer: Clicking the button will display a dropdown from where you select whether to create a HTTP or browser test.

```suggestion
   - **Create test**: Create either a HTTP test or a browser test from the recording.
```

>    - **Create test**: Creates a test generator from the selected test recording.

Reviewer 2: We might need to reword this sentence - clicking "create test" opens a dropdown menu to choose between HTTP and Browser test

<img width="810" height="342" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2bf64d0d-4e11-41f4-9d0b-c425fba890bc" />

Author: Updated the docs throughout with the options
